You are really the King of Heaven Dou
What are you?
Also worthy of questioning my identity
No no no no hey
Mr. Integrity
I've seen you on TV a long time ago
How dare I question you kneel down for me
Hurry up
Quick sir
30 million has been delivered
Unexpectedly, this waste fell into a hole
Become so rich
Mom Linzer, he's not trash
He is now the acting head of Heaven Dou
acting head
It was temporary after a long time
That's useless
A small Sun family
Dare to talk behind your back
Yuan Zhen
It's time for them to know the truth
Yuan Zhen pays homage to Heaven Dou Dragon Marshal
So you are really Tiandoulong Shuai
If false, replace it.
We
We actually kicked Tian Douluo Shuai out of the house
Oops, sin
Who just wanted the 30 million?
No, no, no, Lord Liang Jun
How dare I ask you for money?
It's all a misunderstanding
Now that I've said that
Then the money will not be returned.
Next we should count you kidnapping for ransom
The crime of usury
No.
Lord Long Shuai, I am thinking about waiting for someone to play
Take them all away
Long Shuai Long Shuai, I was wrong, I was wrong, ah ah ah
I was wrong, I was wrong, Long Shuai
Hyun-in-law, it was actually a misunderstanding at the beginning
We had no intention of divorcing you and Yanni at all
How about you
Xuan Xuan